Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(Happy Birthday, Yuu-chan)
This is the police! Yamashita-san!
Yamashita-san! Are you there?
The upper floors have been evacuated.
What's the situation? 501 isn't at home, right?
I've got his number. Let me try calling.
(Higashikata Ryohei, Head Patrol Officer)
Higashikata...Ryohei...
Yamashita-san?
Yamashita-san!
Yamashita-san! I know you're in there!
Katagiri!
Who the heck are you?
Stop it!
Gravity brings us together.
Gravity meaning love.
Comradeship.
Congratulations.
You've been chosen.
Come on, it's time to talk.
Katagiri.
Just how many people have you killed already?
Katagiri!
What is this?!
JoJo's Bizarre Adventure: Diamond is Unbreakable
Chapter 1
(subbed by yamazaki-kento com)
("Pink Dark Boy" by Kishibe Rohan)
I'm leaving.
Be careful of the cars, okay?
Okay!
We're reporting from a crime scene in Morioh-cho.
According to reports that just came in,
the internal organs of the deceased male were horribly ruptured.
The police are investigating this as part of a series of
recent strange deaths happening in Morioh-cho.
I'm Hirose Koichi, a second year high school student
Three days ago, I moved in to this town, Morioh-cho.
This commuter suburb flourished rapidly over the past 10 years,
is blessed with lush mountains and a bountiful sea,
and lined with many historical buildings.
According to the national census taken last year,
the population of this town is 58,713.
For the past two years, this area has been voted
the place that people most want to live in.
But it might be difficult to make it three years in a row.
In fact, in this Morioh-cho,
there have been frequent occurrence of murders and disappearances.
A murder suspect escaped during interrogation.
Good morning! - Good morning
He's still on the loose.
For peace-loving person like me, this really bothers me.
A new day begins.
What kind of friends will I meet? What kind of adventure awaits me?
I can't wait!
Are you a student from Budo?
Yes.
If you'd like to pass through, that's 5,000 yen.
Well, no, then it's okay.
If you're going back, it's 10,000 yen.
Hey!
Wait!
Yes?
You bumped into me just now, right?
Oh, I'm sorry.
Hey hey. Don't just go like that.
Nobody has forgiven you! You with that ugly hair!
What's with that weird hair of yours?
Hey!
What did you just say about my hair?!
Eh, what just happened?
He didn't do anything, but that guy flew.
Anyone who insults my hair...
will not get away with it.
Okay.
I...I... I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Higashikata-kun?
Higashikata Josuke-kun, right?
I am...
Remember? I'm Hirose Koichi, who transferred here yesterday.
Are you?
Oh... You don't remember...
It's broken...
But you were awesome just now.
You moved too fast. l couldn't see anything.
Did I?
You did.
(Budogaoka High School)
Yukako-san.
Koichi-kun, how's your English revision? Can you manage?
Oh, well..
Here. This is my homework for you.
(For Hirose Koichi-kun's Use)
For today.
Homework given by you?
If your results aren't good, I'll be held responsible.
My pride wouldn't allow that.
Thank you.
I'll do my best.
She is Yamagishi Yukako-san.
She's been told to look out for me who've just transferred over.
And she's taking it really seriously.
I've...to do all of this...today?
You are so pretty.
Don't go, wait.
Come over to my place?
She's totally hot.
I thought we had a chance.
Hey, dispose of your rubbish properly.
Come on!
What the... You're annoying.
Yoshizawa Masaya.
I heard you quit another job?
So what? That's got nothing to do with a patrol officer.
You're really nosy.
It's my job to be nosy.
To protect the citizens,
and to show them the right path.
If you need me, call me anytime.
I'm OK 24 hours a day.
Don't worry. I won't make trouble for you again.
Don't fool around with me.
What is it?
Hirata!
What's wrong with you? Hey!
Then, what's the opposite of that?
Negative.
Negative. Then, what's the opposite of that.
What? Eh, erm...positive.
Good.
Oh, JoJo-sempai!
We're lucky!
Let's walk home together, JoJo-sempai
Your hair is as cool as ever today.
JoJo sempai, you're the best.
Oh, is that so?
Yes, you are!
Are you going straight home today?
JoJo?
Josuke's "Jo",
and "suke" can be read as 'jo' too, right?
That's why it s "JoJo'.
Koichi-kun, you don't like Higashikata-kun too, right?
I know it. You are that type of person.
No, well, it's not that...
Don't worry.
If he bullies you, tell me immediately.
I'll protect you then.
Okay.
See you.
Remember to do your homework.
Okay.
Thank you very much.
Thank you
Sir?
Give me the money.
Stay away!
I'll kill her! I'll kill her!
What are you looking at? Stay the hell away!
His eyes are totally messed up.
Get lost! You're an eyesore!
Out of my way! Damn it!
Sorry.
I'll leave, I'll leave.
Damn you and your stupid hair!
What?
You must be kidding!
You bastard!
What did you just say!?!
What the hell you want?!
Stay away, you moron!
You said "stupid hair", didn't you!?!
Don't mess with me, you moron!
Ahh it's coming to my head now...
I'm gonna stick this knife into this woman here!
What?
What is this?
You'll have it removed by a surgeon!
At the prison hospital!
Move it! Out of the way!
Out of the way! Make way!
Out of the way!
Crap.
How dare you get in my way.
Fine. You're next
I'll ruin you.
Oh, Dad!
Ouch!
What are you doing, Grandpa!?!
Was it you, Josuke?
What?
The high school student at the convenience store!
I heard you approached the culprit who held a lady as hostage!
Well...it's not like that.
What if the hostage got hurt?!
She's fine, don t worry. Nothing happened
Idiot!
Ouch!!!
What are you doing? You violent cop!
Listen! A high school student should act like one, and
Focus on studies and sports, right?
Yeah.
Dad, welcome home. You're early.
I'm heading back later. Will sleep over tonight.
Another incident?
Robbery at the convenience store.
It was scary~
Josuke, he isn't someone who would do something like that.
Something must have happened. I'm sure.
Grandpa...
What am I doing?
Don't mess with me!
Do it or die?
Who would work their hearts out for such a stupid company!
All of you...
don't even know how great I am...
What is it?
Do you hate them so much?
Or were you humiliated?
Will you be able....
to turn those feelings into something powerful?
What a pity.
You didn't have it in you.
It's Josuke-kun!
Are you alright?
(Kujo Jotaro)
I'm sorry I didn't see you.
Are you a student from Budogaoka High School?
Yes.
Then, do you know Higashikata Josuke?
Josuke-kun!
Oh, transfer student!
That person said he wants to talk to you.
Higashikata Josuke.
Your mother's name is Tomoko.
Your father's name is Joseph Joestar.
They knew each other when your mother was in university.
And you were born after they broke up.
Forgive him.
Joseph only knew of your existence recently.
I'm Joseph's grandson, Kujo Jotaro.
It's bizarre, but technically I'm your nephew.
Nephew?
I am your uncle...
Okay. Nice to meet you.
Joseph is 79 years old. He's still healthy,
but one day you will be getting a third of his inheritance.
Of course, news of his affair created an uproar within the Joestar family
An uproar?
Yes.
In 61 years of marriage, my grandmother has never been angrier.
I'm sorry! Because of me, there was an uproar.
Wait a minute.
Why are you apologizing out of the blue?
Well...
Indeed it's bad to cause trouble to your family.
My mother said she gave birth to me because she was truly in love.
I'm also okay with that.
I have a grandfather,
and the three of us are living happily.
So, please tell him not to take it to heart...
Tell erm... my father?
Please tell Joestar-san that.
That's all I've to say.
Wait. I'm not done yet.
Josuke.
Do you see strange things?
I mean...
For example, evil spirits...
Or something like that.
You can see them, right?
Josuke-kun, are you done with the talk?
Oh, JoJo-sempai, there's something on your hair.
- I'll take it off for you.
-No! You will mess up his hair.
- I'll take it off.
- No, I will do it.
No, I will do it.
Hey!
Leave your stupid hair talk till later.
You bastard...
Please apologize quickly!
Josuke-kun will get angry if people insult his hair!
I didn't insult you at all.
This is bad. His Stand is coming.
What? What just happened?
I couldn't see anything.
Can you see this, Josuke?
This is called a Stand.
Stands can only be seen by Stand users.
I don't care about Stand or whatever this thing is called!
But how dare you insult my super fantastic hairdo!
Good grief. This guy is really dangerous.
What?
Eh, when did that happen?
JoJo-sempai!
Are you alright!?
Shut up!
Noisy women get on my nerves.
Okay.
Sorry.
This cap... has it been fixed?
What's this Stand about?
About that Stand...
Enough.
I don't want to listen.
I saw something like that yesterday too.
Then, what did you do?
I didn't do anything.
I'm not interested in such stuff.
At all.
Bye.
Hey Grandpa.
Josuke already witnessed the Stand in this town.
You're right.
A crisis may be approaching this town.
I sensed you too.
Yeah, we re comrades.
How did you get hold of that bow and arrow?
That's none of your business.
If that's the case, I'll do whatever I want.
I won't forgive anyone who gets in my way.
Did someone get in your way?
Yeah, a high school kid.
That fella was trying to act hero.
I'll make sure he's dead.
Even towards your own father...
Did you stab him because he got in your way?
Yes.
It's all that guy's fault that I've become like this.
I had nothing but hatred for that guy.
How about you?
Do you hate your parents?
Just say it.
I'll finish them off for you anytime.
I was joking!
I was joking.
I won't oppose you.
You're the one who gave me this freedom.
It's your destiny.
Do as you please.
What are you trying to achieve?
Josuke! You're putting too much salt.
Here, Grandpa.
Dad too, you're putting too much salt!
Is that so?
It's blend, isn't it?
Yeah.
Is that so?
But it's delicious.
I'm glad to hear that.
To end a day like this...
with my daughter and grandson, drinking delicious wine...
The only thing missing in this town is peace.
Hey.
Will Morioh-cho really be fine?
Don't worry. Things will be sorted out soon
Is that so?
Believe in the people of this town.
Few are truly evil to the core.
Oh, I'd expect you to say something like this.
Josuke, you too.
You should be grateful that you're alive and safe now.
I know.
You were at the brink of death when you were four.
But now you're alive and healthy.
Your life was saved.
Yeah.
It's been 13 years since then.
Dad, you're bringing that up again?
You're drinking too much.
Silly.
This much wine wouldn't make me drunk.
But Grandpa has been working too much recently.
He's doing his best to protect the people of this town.
Hey.
Mom, are you fine with not getting married?
Why are you asking this suddenly?
It's fine. I have no interest in men at all.
I only have one lover in my entire life.
Your father.
Was he that good a guy?
He's a fine man, you know.
Oh yes.
Perhaps you have also come to look like him.
I don't know about that.
I've never met him before anyway.
If I were to look like anyone...
It'd be Grandpa.
That's true.
It's Josuke-kun!
Good morning, Koichi-kun!
Good morning!
Then, let's check your homework. A review of English, okay?
Okay.
Hey.
Do you notice anything about me?
What?
Something about me changed, right?
Ehhh... I wonder what has changed....
Your hair!
It's the same as yesterday.
Your eyes!
Your nose!
Your lips!
You really can't tell?
Your nails!
Your nails are very beautiful.
Koichi-kun! You noticed it!
That's right.
I polished my nails with a file for so many hours.
Then...
I used an expensive special cream to make them Shine.
I believed that you'd be able to notice everything about me.
Geez, Koichi-kun.
You really need me to take care of you.
Katagiri Anjuro.
Also known as Angelo.
He has killed at least seven people to date,
and came close 13 times.
His very first victim...
was his father.
After his escape, six strange deaths occurred.
All the victims died from ruptured organs.
It's as though something had attacked them
from inside the body, not the outside.
Found you.
The public toilet, the sea shore,
the fountain in the park...
The killings always happened near water.
That's the characteristic of his Stand.
Don't tell me...
Angelo is...
I'm home.
Grandpa...
What's wrong, Josuke?
What was that sound just now?
Oh... Sorry.
I dropped this.
Don't overdo it, Grandpa!
Your arms are wobbling now.
Don't be silly. If I don't train up, how am I going to protect the town?
Ninety...eight.
Ninety...nine.
One hundred!
I'll protect, and save the people of this town.
That's the way I live.
There you go again. Give me a break.
Don't say that. The "Jo" in "Josuke" means...
Give me a break, I said.
Forget it.
I do my thing, and you do yours.
(Higashikata Ryohei)
Yamashita-san! I know you're in there!
Katagiri!
He's the cop from that time?
Interesting.
Well then... There s no escaping me.
Go, Aqua Necklace.
Kill the entire family.
Did something happen to Dad?
Nothing. He's an old man made of steel!
That's true.
Are you going out? It's raining, you know.
Trussardi. It's a really nice Italian restaurant I found.
Oh yes, Josuke, why don t you come together with me?
What is it? You don't have to look at me like that.
Are you going? Or not?
No, I'm cool.
Oh, what a pity.
I thought we could go on a date once in a while
What was that?
Alright, I'm going then.
Oh, I haven't prepared the bath.
No worries I'll do it
Hurry, just go.
Really?
Thanks!
Is that Jotaro-san?
Josuke?
Sorry I missed your call.
I've something to tell you.
Me too.
Was it called a Stand? Seems like I've caught one.
What?
The one I talked about yesterday.
This time, he entered my mother's mouth.
And you caught it?
Yes. I captured him in a bottle.
I'll go over to your house now.
Until I'm there, keep a close watch on that guy.
I won't let you get away!
That guy is kinda bossy, even though he's my nephew.
Stop it, you brat!
I'll make sure you're dead.
What's wrong?
Crap.
I forgot to prepare the bath.
I'll do it now.
It's okay, take your time.
Eh? Where is the other one?
It must be Tomoko.
Thank you.
Alright.
What the heck?
Are you aiming to be a bodybuilder?
Oh geez.
Grandpa!
Josuke!
Grandpa drank from the bottle.
But not to worry.
It's only a small wound...
I can easily heal such a wound.
See?
Come on, you're all good now. Grandpa!
Hey who the heck are you?
Oh, you can hear me?
Don't tell me you're also...
Angelo!
This is your Stand, huh.
Never mind.
I'll deal with you first.
You bastard...
You aren't getting away with this.
Oh no~
What the heck. What just happened?
But it's pointless.
You can't defeat me.
Stopping time. That's my Stand's power.
Calm down, Josuke.
It's raining outside. He's free to do whatever he wants.
What will happen to you if he enters your body?
Your can't heal your own wounds.
Am I right?
Yeah.
I guess I will die
But I am very calm.
Totally calm.
Just that a little blood has rushed to my head.
Stay away from the steam.
Don't inhale it.
He is within the steam.
The bath.
There's nowhere you can run to.
Josuke.
How would you slip us out of this?
Slip us out?
You're wrong.
I'll smash us out!
That will keep the steam out for now.
Jotaro-san, this is bad.
This room is filled with invisible mist.
I've won, Josuke.
Indeed you were going to smash through that wall.
You did exactly what I predicted.
I really want to laugh my guts out.
Josuke!
Even if I did exactly what you predicted,
what's coming out of my guts...
isn't laughter!
What did you do?
What is it?
This glove.
I broke it into pieces, and swallowed them
Then restored it to its original state.
Cos I predicted that he'd enter my body.
Josuke...
It's alright now. Wake up.
Grandpa!
Grandpa...
Grandpa?
It can't be!
I can heal such wounds easily!
Since young, I've healed them so many times.
Hey!
Are you tired? Grandpa?
Grandpa!
Grandpa...
Josuke!
Don't worry. The wound has been completely...
Humans...
destroy things in order to survive.
Among them,
your power is kinder than any others in this world.
But...
A life that has ended can't be brought back.
No matter what Stand it is...
it can't bring back a life.
Grandpa...
Gran..Grandpa...
I won't let you catch me.
You are the one at fault.
Because you got in my way.
Don't mess with me.
How did you become a Stand user?
Who knows.
What will you do? There's someone more dangerous than me in this town.
You guys can't defeat him.
Hey, wait, wait.
I was struck by an arrow.
Then...
Who did it?
I don't know his name. A young man.
He chose me on his own accord.
He's the one at fault.
You bastard...
Don't keep blaming everything on others!
Are you trying to kill me?
Certainly, I've killed so many people to date.
But you've got no right to kill me!
If you kill me,
it'll make you the same as me,
a cursed soul.
I will not kill anyone.
Nobody...
will sentence you to death.
Not me.
Not this Jotaro-san.
Not the law in Japan.
Nobody will sentence you to death.
You won't be going to prison either.
Josuke.
I'll leave the rest to you.
What are you going to do?
Crazy...
Diamond.
Stop it!
Hand... My hand!!!
Stop!
Please, stop!
Pray for the souls, for eternity.
Angelo.
For the souls of the people you've killed.
Bro.
What's wrong?
Katagiri Anjuro has been defeated.
Really?
By?
Higashikata Josuke.
A Stand user I do not know.
Do not know?
Meaning, he didn't become one from your arrow?
Is that guy...
strong?
We are stronger than him.
That's true.
That's for sure, isn't it?
Bro.
The Sugimoto Family
Father: Takashi (45)
Mother: Kazuko (39)
Daughter: Reimi (16)
(Family of Three Found Dead in Morioh-cho)
(Zero Clues to Brutal Family Murder)
Josuke, it's almost time.
It's that incident from 16 years ago.
The one that Dad regretted the most.
He wanted to catch this murderer with his own hands.
The female high school student who was killed was really cheerful,
and always greeted him.
She was Dad's source of encouragement.
This was the watch awarded to him during his 20th year of service.
But when that incident happened,
Dad hit it hard against the wall.
"I fail as a policeman."
"I couldn't protect that girl."
Since then,
Dad didn't try for promotion,
and only desperately wanted to protect this town.
Josuke.
Dad was a policeman to the very end.
He is our pride.
Josuke-kun!
Koichi, you go back.
I will, if you go back too.
You suddenly disappeared. Everyone was worried.
(Entry Forbidden)
This place is creepy.
What is it?
What is inside this house?
You shouldn't be entering
other people's house without permission, damn it!
You are a thief, aren't you!
Who cares if a thief dies?
Take that foot off him.
Koichi!
I, Nijimura Okuyasu,
will erase you with The Hand!
Move away!
I can still heal his wound now.
We aren't playing around, Okuyasu.
Make sure you finish off this Higashikata Josuke who defeated Angelo!
Okay, I got it...
Bro.
You are pretty fast.
What's with the way this hand moves?
Let go of my right hand!
Indeed there's something dangerous about this right hand.
You aren't getting away!
(Entry -bidden)
The "For" is gone.
I see.
You erased it, huh.
The space.
This right hand erases everything in its way.
And the parts that remain...
joins back together...
like nothing happened.
Even I have no idea where the erased parts go.
To people who try to escape,
I can even do this.
When I erase the space like that...
It's teleportation.
As long as I have this, you can never escape from me.
Are you still going to continue bragging?
This is the last.
Next I'm going to erase you!
Thank god you are stupid.
Koichi?
You bastard.
Enough of your nonsense!
This arrow...
is precious, the one and only one.
I have to retrieve it.
Hey!
Don't take it out.
He'll bleed profusely.
I'll take it out.
When you finish listening to a CD,
you'll place it back properly into the case,
before taking out another CD, right?
Anyone would do that.
I will do that too.
You bastard!
This guy wasn't chosen.
It was a meaningless encounter.
Don't mess with me.
Bro!
Don't start your attack on this guy first.
I'm not done with him yet.
Attack?
Hey!
Your stupidity never cease to amaze me, little brother.
You walked right into the line of fire.
Bro...
I'm sorry...
Incompetent people only drag others down.
I've been telling you this repeatedly since we were kids, right?
Stop it!
He's your brother, damn it!
I've given up on him already.
He's of no use to me at all.
Damn it!
Hey.
What's that from your brother?
What power does he have?
Tell me!
If you do, I'll heal those wounds.
Like hell I would...
He's...my brother...
As expected...
You won't say, huh.
Of course I won't...
Well then... I guess I've no choice.
It does' t hurt.
Yeah. See you.
You healed my wounds...
Hey, wait!
Why did you heal my wounds?
Shut up. I'll tell you later.
I'm your enemy, you know.
You healed me...
But I'll attack you again, you know.
There's no deep reason.
There's no reason for you to die.
That's what I thought, that's all.
Wait, Josuke!
What is it?! Are you going to get in my way again?
Why?
Why are you not...
fixing your own wounds with your Stand?
I can't repair my own wounds with my Stand.
And more than anything,
I can't do anything about people who are dead.
So I'm telling you, Okuyasu.
If Koichi dies,
I don't know what I'm going to do to your brother.
Koichi...
Okuyasu! You!
Koichi!
Because I'm stupid,
I only do what comes to my head.
Just this once.
Now we're even.
After this...
I won't do anything.
That's just great~ Okuyasu.
Josuke-kun?
What happened?
Koichi!
Koichi, we're leaving.
This is just great
Josuke-kun!
Koichi! Hide!
The tank is conning too!
Is this for real?
Even a tank...
Koichi!
What did you just say?
Can you see this Stand?
You bastard!
How is this?
Isn't it beautiful? The formation of Bad Company,
the Stand of I, Nijimura Keicho.
An impregnable defense.
Any attacker or intruder will not return home alive.
Seems like you were chosen after all.
Koichi.
You've become a Stand user.
Stand user?
Sorry, I still don't know much about it.
Come on.
Show me your power.
Power?
Ouch.
Is that your Stand?
Come on.
Attack me with it.
E...even if you say that, I can't.
It's easy to use your Stand.
Just think of how you're going to attack that person you despise.
Entire force.
Prepare to commence full attack.
Koichi!
If the Stand is destroyed, you die too.
Hurry take it back.
How??
Commence attack.
Josuke-kun!
Direct all firepower...
at Higashikata Josuke, and exterminate him.
Stop it!
It's a pity,
but once I give a command, it can't be modified.
Finish him off.
Stop it.
Stop it...
Stop it!!!
What?
This is your Stand?
As expected, I don't have a need for it.
Koichi...
You've done enough.
What is it?
Have you given up already?
Are you asking me to spare you?
I can't do that.
Not that.
Nijimura Keicho.
My plan is all set.
What?
My Crazy Diamond...
can restore anything that's broken.
Hey, Bad Company, shoot them down.
Protect me!
Take down the missiles!
Once you give a command, it can't be modified, right?
These guys...
can't take down the missiles.
Josuke-kun.
Just now...
Yeah.
My Stand, Crazy Diamond,
only tried to return his missiles to where they came from.
Amazing.
Thanks to you.
You bought me time.
Josuke-kun.
I hear something.
Koichi, you wait here.
I'll go destroy that bow and arrow.
I'll go too.
Josuke-kun, you are wounded.
Koichi!
A Stand?
No, this guy isn't a Stand.
It's for real. This is seriously a monster.
He's not a monster.
That guy is our father.
And this bow and arrow...
are things I need...
for my father.
I can't hand it over to you!
Does your father have some kind of illness?
My father is in the pink of health.
But he doesn't know what's going on.
He's just living on meaninglessly.
He was stingy with money,
and hated by everyone.
He's a scum of a guy who even abused his own sons.
He's got his punishment.
Now he doesn't even remember he's human.
Are you searching for a Stand to heal your father?
Heal?
It's the opposite.
My father will never die.
Even if his head gets crushed,
or his body gets chopped into pieces,
or if we tried to erase him, it doesn't work.
At this rate,
he can only live on forever.
It can't be...
He's like this all day.
Day after day,
he'd be uselessly scratching around that box of junk.
Haven't I told you time and again not to make a mess!?!
Stop it.
He's your father
He's my father, yet he isn't.
He doesn't remember us,
or our dead mother at all.
Do you understand how unbearable this is?!
That's exactly why,
I want him to die a normal death.
When he s dead,
my life will finally begin.
Damn it! I said stop it, didn't I?!
Hey!
That's as far as you go!
Don't come near.
I'm not handing you the bow and arrow!
Don't get it wrong. We'll talk about that later.
What I'm interested in is this box.
See!
It's your family photo.
Your father has been searching for this every single day.
He remembers. Deep down inside.
His memories of all of you...
still remain.
I don't mind helping you.
Nijimura Keicho.
That's if, rather than a Stand that can kill him,
you want to find a Stand that can heal him.
Come on. Hand me those.
I'll destroy them!
I won't hand them over.
Bro!
Let's stop it already.
Dad too, he might be cured some day
Okuyasu!
No matter what I do, there's no way I can turn back.
With this bow and arrow
I've already killed so many people in this town.
Gravity brings us together.
Gravity pulls everything together.
I do not intend to defy that destiny.
You're wrong!
Destiny can be changed, however you want it to.
That's right, Bro. Let's start over
You are...
no longer my little brother.
Bro...
Okuyasu!
Don't space out!
Move away!
Okuyasu...
You are...
always...
dragging me down...
Bro!
Bro...
You bastard! Where are you?!
Okuyasu!
My brother...
got what was coming to him.
But in the end, Bro...
At the very end, my brother...
shielded me, right?
Josuke.
You saw that too, right?
Yeah.
I saw it clearly.
Is that so?
That Stand...
took Nijimura Keicho's life,
and destroyed the bow and arrow, huh.
Yes.
Stand user are drawn to each other.
That guy will one day.
appear in front of me, for sure.
Yeah.
Josuke.
Will you be alright?
Jotaro-san.
The "Jo" in "Josuke"...
means "to protect
To protect, and help people.
Grandpa gave me this name.
These 35 years, he didn't try for promotion,
and have always been protecting the people of this town.
That's why I've also decided.
I'm going to continue Grandpa's efforts.
I will protect this town.
No matter what happens.
I'm Hirose Koichi.
I moved in to this Morioh-cho two weeks ago.
Josuke-kun! Okuyasu-kun!
Good morning!
Yo! Angelo!
Angelo.
Yo, Angelo.
(Please clean up after your dog)
Then I met these two,
and became a Stand user like them.
A new day begins.
(Track & Field, Hurdles - 3rd Place)
(English Speech Contest - 3rd Place)
Its the fifth day since a female university student
of Futatsumori, Morioh-cho, went missing.
The police are investigating a possible connection to the...
recent spate of strange deaths and disappearances.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org